---
title: <i>Co-op Search Gothic</i>
author: willyu
description: You're searching for a co-op. It's not going as planned.
thumbnail: /assets/static1/img/blog/thumbnails/coop.jpg
---

You schedule a phone interview for 11:30am. 
They call you at 2:30pm. "Oh 
sorry, timezone mixup," they explain. You are 
in Boston. They are in Boston. Their only 
office is in Boston. 

You upload your resume to VMock. It highlights a 
typo in your phone number. You never told VMock 
your number. 

You upload your resume to NUCareers. It asks you 
to name the document. You type "resume". 
It asks you to choose a document type. You 
select "resume". It asks you for a package 
name. You type "resume." Later, you 
find a position and click Apply. You're 
prompted to select an application package. There are 13 
packages all named "resume". 

A co-op to work at NUCareers is posted. In 
addition to the usual NUCareers application, it asks you to 
also apply through their company website.

A software engineering position requests a cover letter. 

You attend the Career Fair. You brought 30 copies 
of your resume, but employers keep giving you more
. We'd love to work for you, 
they say. You look at their nametags. They 
all have your name. They all have your face.
Accept their offer!

VMock flags the name of your previous co-op 
as misspelled. You know it's not, 
but you google it just to make sure. You 
see an article about a tragic chemical fire at the 
building. VMock flags your expected graduation year 
as inaccurate. 

You apply to a co-op. The company responds. 

The App Status of all your applications changes to Selected 
for Interview. Your phone starts to ring. It's all of them. 

You schedule a meeting with your advisor for Tuesday at 
4:00. Her office is in Meserve Hall.
You enter through Nightingale. You follow the signs 
toward 
Meserve. You follow the signs toward Meserve. You 
follow the signs toward Meserve. You see a janitor.
You ask which way Meserve is. He says, 
"No Meserve Hall on Sundays. Come back tomorrow."

Your roommate asks if you heard back from Spotify yet.
You check your iPad for new emails. That's
weird. You don't own an iPad.

You schedule a phone interview for 1:30pm. 
You get a call at 1:29pm. It's
VMock. You mistyped your number on your 
resume, they say. You quickly email the company 
with your correct number. The position has already been 
filled. 

You're selected for an on-site interview 
at Wayfair. When you arrive, the recruiter guides 
you to the basement. The floor is littered with 
scrapes of wood. She hands you a glue gun 
and tells you to build a table. This is 
not the part of the supply chain you thought you 
would be managing. 

Your top choice rejects you. They said that they 
are going to go in a different direction. You 
meet with your advisor to discuss how to handle this 
bad news. She laughs and says not to worry,
"There are no different directions, hun. Just 
down." You start to sink. 

After meeting with the manager, you're given 
a chance to talk to the current co-ops.
They come into the conference room and start undressing. 
Then they take your clothes off. The shortest one 
peels off his face and hands it to you. 
Your phone buzzes. It's your advisor: 
Congrats on accepting a co-op!

